# CS255-Module-8-Journal

The DriverPass project included designing an online system to help lower failure rates among individuals taking their driving test. DriverPass wanted a system that would allow students to schedule in person driving lessons and take online practice exams. They would also be able to receive feedback online from their instructors following completion. I believe I was able to understand the requirements laid out by the customer to help design a system to meet their needs. If I were to go back and make any changes to my work, I think I would spend more time with the UML diagrams to make sure that they were crafted in a clear and concise manner. As I was unable to speak with the company directly, I had to intepret their needs based on what was provided to me. I read and reread all of the information provided and worked to build a clear image in my head of how to website should be created. 

My personal apprach to designing software is write down all of my idea using words, making little sketches of how I want it to look, creating diagrams, or whatever I feel could best represent the image that I have in my head. Once I do that, that I will break it down into increments and begin making more detailed notes for the increment that I will be working on first. During the actualy development process I always ensure to SAVE along the way. I won't overwrite any saves, but simply make a new save everytime I save my progress to allow for me to go back if I need to (something I learned from playing Skyrim).
